A) Yes
welcome to the iphone channel of them
your
because it really is very good for one
but it will give the option to apply
any kind of pay tweet from the
same cydia free without having to
pay a penny ok using twitter
loved and even though it's just a tweet
Free okeyko take from cydia but
adding a repository that this
desk is here goes every description
of this video that we upload let's go
here
Syria hopefully the packages will
load completely let's go to
which would be the first source section
packages and 660 loading to finish
we wait
for we remain mayor says
source section in source very well
he says edit add and we will fill the
gentlemen sources that highlighted the chain
description of this video that in this
already I have put him can follow
cancel let's finish and look for the
source the source is that is the brain
let's open it and here it says tweets
here you see we had calcium two tweets
so that this in case solutions in that
let's go to syria in neiva if again it's a
tweet sir what things have that is going to us
give the option to have the sit down tweet
it worked for us that we do not have to
be installed of if we have again
Market Stall
ok to burn the magnitude of AIDS
twitter functions if again also
it works what that does we are going to bring
this tweet with one that is so effective
it would be decided to make regressions
2.21 shares once they had
install it two tweets these and again and
AIDS, we are going to innovate from espn web
and in this sprint by bombs look for the
small application that creates
fight on the growing ship is here
come on let's open the edition look for the
tweet of cidao that we highlight to
compositiva the to where it says apply
that well apply let's go to carlos be
on your device and we're going to find that
decide here and let's activate it one that
no gentlemen are already ready to
say the charge will be the suppression is
free itself and ignoring Box
we are going to look for an application but a
tweet that I have not paid or that is given
to look to see I do not care
well eat that yes we are saying
the install button ok the option to
they say install it for this to load and
let's touch everything and tell me to install
let's complete everything we 're going to
download of peace that this free when
says confirm conversions the tweet of
mcgwire fe 8 is downloading
totally free without paying a penny
Ok, it's going to load
and visions we already have would be the tweet of
completely free mauer let's go
to the settings
let's find twitter wifi 8
around here around here
where is
but I think I do not think he does not believe in a
type of configuration and actions that
they have as installed and I never have
tested we have five can see if I
I am writing to that right now to cydia or if
it's not easy and you're going to see that the
tuit is installed ok I say gentlemen this
tweet does not believe us in a kind of
configuration in our settings by
that is, I like any kind of
cure my adjustments but they occupy
true casting and I have the tweet
installed on my device ok actions
that this is that this works at always
you can see this mauá tweet from
maxwell
8 has a four gentlemen of 20 dollars
ok as in seeing here gentlemen you
can save 2011 with this tweet
taken business appointment with seeing here at all
by the perfect decree provides the
comptroller this video or any
other gentlemen must subscribe each
time for a lot much more aluminum
video if you liked in these to the
front we have a next video up
the next gentlemen